[RHDHPAI-814] Update TechDocs (#77)
redhat-ai-dev/ai-lab-template: templates/object-detection/docs/index.md

<!-- Original Recipe README: https://github.com/containers/ai-lab-recipes/blob/main/recipes/computer_vision/object_detection/README.md
-->

# **Object Detection Software Template**

## **Using The Template**

> This AI Software Template provides you with some customization to alter the final generated result. Aside from being able to input your desired name for the application and container image you can control:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This AI Software Template allows you to customize the final generated result. In addition to specifying the application name and container image, you can also control the following actions:
```

> - The owner listed through Red Hat Developer Hub (RHDH).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The owner listed through Red Hat Developer Hub (RHDH)
```

> - The desired GitHub/GitLab organization and repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The desired GitHub/GitLab organization and repository
```

> - The namespace the application and applicable model servers are deployed to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The namespace the application and applicable model servers are deployed to
```

!!! tip "Git Repositories"

    You can choose between GitHub and GitLab as your desired Source Code Management (SCM) platform, and the template fields will update accordingly!

> This template provides the option to supply your own model and model server. By utilizing this option you will need to ensure that the model supports Object Detection tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this template, you can supply your own model and model server. By utilizing this option, ensure that you provide models that support Object Detection tasks.
```
